hi I'm Holly food editor myrecipes.com
dinner tonight we'll show you how to
make a healthy and delicious supper in
less than 45 minutes
kung pao chicken is one of my favorite
takeout dishes but with this recipe I
can make it at home in less than 30
minutes for lower calories fat and
sodium with the same authentic flavor
I'll start by browning my onions in dark
sesame oil next saute garlic for about
30 seconds that's plenty of time for it
to release its flavor add 1 pound of
chopped chicken thighs to the onion
mixture and saute for about three
minutes while the chicken Browns make
the sauce combine water with soy sauce
corn starch brown sugar ginger and
crushed red pepper then whisk these
ingredients together until the sugar
dissolves add the sauce to the pan and
bring it to a boil once the sauce comes
to a boil add red bell peppers and snow
peas cook these for about 2 minutes or
until they're crisp tender doesn't this
dish look better and more fresh than
what you find in a restaurant finish it
off by topping with chopped peanuts I
hope you enjoy this recipe for your
dinner tonight